Create .NET docs What's new section (#16197)
dotnet/docs: docs/whats-new/2019-11.md

---
title: ".NET docs what's new (November 2019)"
description: "What's new in .NET docs in November 2019."
ms.date: 12/16/2019

> ---

Reviewer: Will there be a Feedback section at the bottom? If yes, do we need an author for this to tag the right people correctly?

Author: Good catch @MaximRouiller 

@mairaw Could that be the docs team account? Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we can use team aliases for author. Pick someone and add them to the docfx.json file. 😉

# .NET docs what's new (November 2019)

Welcome to what's new in .NET docs for November 2019. Listed below are some of the recent docs we've published.

## .NET Core

> - ***new!*** [Breaking changes for migration from Version 2.2 to 3.1](../core/compatibility/2.2-3.1.md) - Core breaking changes improvements

Reviewer 3: I'm sorry if this was already answered, but what is considered ***new!***? Does that mean brand new instead of newly updated?

Author: For "new', a PR added the file.

- [Interop Marshaling](../framework/interop/interop-marshaling.md) - Update interop-marshaling.md
- [Using TCP Services](../framework/network-programming/using-tcp-services.md) - Modernizing code and remove extra spaces
- [Application Domain Resource Monitoring (ARM) ETW Events](../framework/performance/application-domain-resource-monitoring-arm-etw-events.md) - Update application-domain-resource-monitoring-arm-etw-events.md
- [Garbage Collection ETW Events](../framework/performance/garbage-collection-etw-events.md) - Update garbage-collection-etw-events.md
- [.NET Framework Tools](../framework/tools/index.md) - Remove duplicated sentence
- [How to create and run a long-running workflow](../framework/windows-workflow-foundation/how-to-create-and-run-a-long-running-workflow.md) - Update how-to-create-and-run-a-long-running-workflow.md
- [Threading Model](../framework/wpf/advanced/threading-model.md) - Fix up xref.xref instances
- [Data Templating Overview](../framework/wpf/data/data-templating-overview.md) - Fix up xref.xref instances

## F# language

- ***new!*** [What's new in F# 4.5](../fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-45.md) - What's new with F#?

## Community contributors

> The following people have contributed to .NET docs in the last month. Thank you!

Reviewer: Can we add a link on how to contribute to docs? 

https://docs.microsoft.com/contribute/ would sound about right.

Author: I added that link to the landing page, and pointed to the landing page on each sprint what's new page.

- ***new!*** [.NET Core run-time configuration settings](../core/run-time-config/index.md) - Add run-time GC settings
- [dotnet sln](../core/tools/dotnet-sln.md) - Update dotnet sln for 3.0
- [What's new in .NET Core 3.0](../core/whats-new/dotnet-core-3-0.md) - Rearrange into categories

## C# language

- ***new!*** [C# docs - get started, tutorials, reference.](../csharp/index.yml) - New csharp landing page
- ***new!*** [bool (C# reference)](../csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/bool.md) - Moved and revised the bool article
- ***new!*** [char (C# reference)](../csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/char.md) - Moved and revised the char article
- ***new!*** [Nullable value types (C# reference)](../csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/nullable-value-types.md) - Consolidated the C# nullable value types articles

## .NET Core desktop

- ***new!*** [Create a template for a control](../desktop-wpf/themes/how-to-create-apply-template.md) - Add desktop wpf article for templates
- [Styles and templates in WPF](../desktop-wpf/fundamentals/styles-templates-overview.md) - Add desktop wpf article for templates

> ## .NET framework

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## .NET Framework
```

## F# language

- ***new!*** [F# docs - get started, tutorials, reference.](../fsharp/index.yml) - F# yaml index page
- ***new!*** [What's new in F# 4.5](../fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-45.md) - What's new with F#?
- ***new!*** [What's new in F# 4.6](../fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-46.md) - What's new with F#?
- ***new!*** [What's new in F# 4.7](../fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-47.md) - What's new with F#?

## ML.NET

- ***new!*** [Load training data into Model Builder](../machine-learning/how-to-guides/load-data-model-builder.md) - Data setup & load for model builder
- ***new!*** [Tutorial: Classify the severity of restaurant health violations with Model Builder](../machine-learning/tutorials/health-violation-classification-model-builder.md) - Model Builder Multiclass Classification Tutorial
- ***new!*** [Tutorial: Forecast bike rental service demand with time series analysis and ML.NET](../machine-learning/tutorials/time-series-demand-forecasting.md) - SSA Time Series Forecasting Tutorial

## Apache Spark for .NET

- ***new!*** [Submit a .NET for Apache Spark job to Azure HDInsight](../spark/how-to-guides/hdinsight-deploy-methods.md) - Spark: hdi deployment methods with livy

> - [Customer intent: As a developer, I want to write a simple custom application using .NET for Apache Spark.](../spark/tutorials/get-started.md) - .NET Spark - Getting Started Doc

Author: good catch. That's an error in my parsing code for titles. See https://github.com/dotnet/docs/issues/16189#issuecomment-566833114

- ***new!*** [NameOf operator - Visual Basic](../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/nameof.md) - Create nameof.md
- [Keywords (Visual Basic)](../visual-basic/language-reference/keywords/index.md) - Create nameof.md
- [Access Levels in Visual Basic](../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/declared-elements/access-levels.md) - Coding style, remove redundant path segments

## Community contributors

The following people have contributed to .NET docs in the last month. Thank you! You can learn how to contribute by following the links under "Get involved" in the [what's new landing page](index.yml).

- [Youssef1313](https://github.com/Youssef1313)  - Youssef Victor
- [NextTurn](https://github.com/NextTurn)  - Next Turn
- [pkulikov](https://github.com/pkulikov)  - Petr Kulikov
- [nschonni](https://github.com/nschonni)  - Nick Schonning
- [SeanKilleen](https://github.com/SeanKilleen)  - Sean Killeen
- [ThePiranha](https://github.com/ThePiranha)  - Sabah Shariq

> - [mvelosop](https://github.com/mvelosop)  - Miguel Veloso

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- [jpierson](https://github.com/jpierson)  - Jeff
- [MSDN-WhiteKnight](https://github.com/MSDN-WhiteKnight)  - MSDN.WhiteKnight
- [SuperNova911](https://github.com/SuperNova911)  - Suwhan Kim
- [ChrisMaddock](https://github.com/ChrisMaddock)  - Chris Maddock
- [Kissaki](https://github.com/Kissaki)  - Jan Klass
- [Pablosky12](https://github.com/Pablosky12)  - Pablo Marcano
- [rpetrusha](https://github.com/rpetrusha)  - Ron Petrusha
- [samtrion](https://github.com/samtrion)  - Martin Stühmer

> - [steveada](https://github.com/steveada)  - Steve Adams

Reviewer 2: vendor

```suggestion
```

- [stevenjpr](https://github.com/stevenjpr)  - Steven Pratschner (MSFT)
- [AndreyAkinshin](https://github.com/AndreyAkinshin)  - Andrey Akinshin
- [chvrl](https://github.com/chvrl)  - Charles Mize
- [crpietschmann](https://github.com/crpietschmann)  - Chris Pietschmann
- [DAXaholic](https://github.com/DAXaholic)  - Aaron Kunz
- [dkreider](https://github.com/dkreider)  - Daniel Kreider
- [dsychin](https://github.com/dsychin)  - Desmond Chin
- [elbro](https://github.com/elbro)  - Elliot Brooker
- [ForNeVeR](https://github.com/ForNeVeR)  - Friedrich von Never
- [glennferrie](https://github.com/glennferrie)  - Glenn
- [gregzhadko](https://github.com/gregzhadko)  - Grigory Zhadko
- [imba-tjd](https://github.com/imba-tjd)  - 谭九鼎
- [inkel](https://github.com/inkel)  - Leandro López
- [iolazarc](https://github.com/iolazarc) 
- [Jeej](https://github.com/Jeej) 
- [johnallers](https://github.com/johnallers)  - John Allers
- [jo-ninja](https://github.com/jo-ninja)  - Joni
- [kirtisagar](https://github.com/kirtisagar)  - Kirtisagar
- [lbragaglia](https://github.com/lbragaglia)  - Lorenzo Bragaglia
- [marekr](https://github.com/marekr)  - Marek Roszko

> - [markrendle](https://github.com/markrendle)  - Mark Rendle

Reviewer 2: vendor 

```suggestion
```

---
title: ".NET docs what's new (November 2019)"
description: "What's new in .NET docs in November 2019."
ms.date: 12/13/2019
---

# .NET docs what's new (November 2019)

Welcome to what's new in .NET docs for November 2019. Listed below are some of the recent docs we've published.

## .NET Core

> - [Breaking changes, version 2.2 to 3.0 - .NET Core](../core/compatibility/2.2-3.0.md)

Reviewer 2: I'd remove the automated suffix from these or use the H1 like Mark suggested

Author: I did use the H1. I like that a lot better.

- [How to: Read Image Metadata](../framework/winforms/advanced/how-to-read-image-metadata.md)
- [Threading Model](../framework/wpf/advanced/threading-model.md)
- [Navigation Overview](../framework/wpf/app-development/navigation-overview.md)
- [Adorners Overview](../framework/wpf/controls/adorners-overview.md)
- [Data Templating Overview](../framework/wpf/data/data-templating-overview.md)
- [How to: Control When the TextBox Text Updates the Source](../framework/wpf/data/how-to-control-when-the-textbox-text-updates-the-source.md)

## F# language

- [Get Started with F# in Visual Studio Code](../fsharp/get-started/get-started-vscode.md)
- [F# docs - get started, tutorials, reference.](../fsharp/index.yml)
- [Computation Expressions](../fsharp/language-reference/computation-expressions.md)
- [Sequences](../fsharp/language-reference/sequences.md)
- [F# code formatting guidelines](../fsharp/style-guide/formatting.md)
- [What's new in F# 4.5 - F# Guide](../fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-45.md)
- [What's new in F# 4.6 - F# Guide](../fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-46.md)
- [What's new in F# 4.7 - F# Guide](../fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-47.md)

> ## Contributors

Reviewer 2: Make it clear it's only external so FTEs don't complain they're not being listed

```suggestion
## External contributors
```

Author: I chose "Community contributors" instead of "External". What do you think?

> We'd like to recognize the following people, who've contributed to.NET docs since our last release notes:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following people have contributed to .NET docs in the last month. Thank you!
```

> - [Youssef1313](https://github.com/Youssef1313)  - **Youssef Victor**

Reviewer 2: what's the order here? number of PRs?

Author: Yes, it's by number of PRs.

- [NextTurn](https://github.com/NextTurn)  - **Next Turn**
- [pkulikov](https://github.com/pkulikov)  - **Petr Kulikov**
- [nschonni](https://github.com/nschonni)  - **Nick Schonning**
- [SeanKilleen](https://github.com/SeanKilleen)  - **Sean Killeen**
- [ThePiranha](https://github.com/ThePiranha)  - **Sabah Shariq**

> - [mvelosop](https://github.com/mvelosop)  - **Miguel Veloso**

Reviewer 2: mvelosop, rpetrusha, steveada are/were either internal folks or vendors

Reviewer: I think it was a bug as per @BillWagner. As long as they are community members at the time of this update, I'm okay with them appearing on the list.

On top of that, they should not be retroactively removed if they become employees or vendors.

Reviewer 2: The work they’ve done for these updates were not as community contributors so that’s why I was suggesting to remove them.

---

> title: ".NET Docs What's New (November 2019)"

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
title: ".NET docs what's new (November 2019)"
```

description: "What's new in .NET docs in November 2019."
ms.date: 2019/12/13
---

> # .NET Docs What's New (November 2019)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
# .NET docs what's new (November 2019)
```

> Welcome to what's new in .NET docs for November 2019. Listed below are some of the recent docs we've published.

Reviewer 5: The title implies that this is for docs published in November, but the list seems too long for that. Also this ("November") seems to conflict with the contributor list which says it's "since our last release notes".  Suggestion is to clarify the period covered, and make the period consistent for docs and contributor list.

Also, it would also be ideal to call out differently docs that are new as opposed to just revised. To be even more useful, revised docs would have a short blurb summarizing what was done to them.

Author: @MaximRouiller How did you tell the difference between new and updated docs? I could not find this info in the API values.

Author: I had to use the REST API, instead of the GraphQL API.

Reviewer: New pages were using ⭐️ emojis as a way to differentiate from purely modified pages. 

In my code, new pages were generated by a single command line, the modified were from a different command line. I haven't used the API so I would need to investigate that issue.

Author: I love the :star: emoji. I didn't use it to account for accessibility concerns. In a future PR, I would add it, if we can solve that with alt-text.

> ## .NET Core

Reviewer 5: I see .NET Core and .NET Framework, but not .NET, i.e., .NET Standard. Was the .NET guide overlooked, or were there no significant changes in it?

Author: This time, I didn't find any significant changes.

- [Breaking changes, version 2.2 to 3.0 - .NET Core](../docs/core/compatibility/2.2-3.0.md)
- [Breaking changes, version 2.2 to 3.1 - .NET Core](../docs/core/compatibility/2.2-3.1.md)
- [dotnet-trace tool - .NET Core](../docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-trace.md)
- [.NET Core SDK and runtime dependencies - .NET Core](../docs/core/install/dependencies.md)
- [Check installed .NET Core versions on Windows, Linux, and macOS - .NET Core](../docs/core/install/how-to-detect-installed-versions.md)

> - [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotnet/docs/master/docs/core/install/includes/package-manager-heading-hack-pkgname.md](../docs/core/install/includes/package-manager-heading-hack-pkgname.md)

Reviewer 5: Why does this have a URL in the link text?

Author: That was a bug. It's fixed now.

- [Install .NET Core on SLES 15 - package manager - .NET Core](../docs/core/install/linux-package-manager-sles15.md)
- [Install .NET Core on Ubuntu 16.04 package manager - .NET Core](../docs/core/install/linux-package-manager-ubuntu-1604.md)
- [Install .NET Core on Ubuntu 18.04 package manager - .NET Core](../docs/core/install/linux-package-manager-ubuntu-1804.md)
- [Install .NET Core on Ubuntu 19.04 package manager - .NET Core](../docs/core/install/linux-package-manager-ubuntu-1904.md)
- [Install .NET Core runtime on Windows, Linux, and macOS - .NET Core](../docs/core/install/runtime.md)
- [Install .NET Core SDK on Windows, Linux, and macOS - .NET Core](../docs/core/install/sdk.md)
- [Breaking changes for WinForms - .NET Framework to .NET Core](../docs/core/porting/winforms-breaking-changes.md)
- [Garbage collector config settings](../docs/core/run-time-config/garbage-collector.md)
- [Run-time config](../docs/core/run-time-config/index.md)
- [dotnet run command](../docs/core/tools/dotnet-run.md)
- [dotnet sln command](../docs/core/tools/dotnet-sln.md)
- [What's new in .NET Core 3.0](../docs/core/whats-new/dotnet-core-3-0.md)

## C# language

> - [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotnet/docs/master/docs/csharp/index.yml](../docs/csharp/index.yml)

Reviewer 5: This doesn't seem like it belongs in this list.

Author: same bug.

- [Custom WSDL Publication](../docs/framework/wcf/samples/custom-wsdl-publication.md)
- [Extending Control Over Error Handling and Reporting](../docs/framework/wcf/samples/extending-control-over-error-handling-and-reporting.md)
- [How to create and run a long-running workflow](../docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/how-to-create-and-run-a-long-running-workflow.md)
- [About GDI+ Managed Code](../docs/framework/winforms/advanced/about-gdi-managed-code.md)
- [How to: Read Image Metadata](../docs/framework/winforms/advanced/how-to-read-image-metadata.md)
- [Threading Model](../docs/framework/wpf/advanced/threading-model.md)
- [Navigation Overview](../docs/framework/wpf/app-development/navigation-overview.md)
- [Adorners Overview](../docs/framework/wpf/controls/adorners-overview.md)
- [Data Templating Overview](../docs/framework/wpf/data/data-templating-overview.md)
- [How to: Control When the TextBox Text Updates the Source](../docs/framework/wpf/data/how-to-control-when-the-textbox-text-updates-the-source.md)

## F# language

- [Get Started with F# in Visual Studio Code](../docs/fsharp/get-started/get-started-vscode.md)

> - [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotnet/docs/master/docs/fsharp/index.yml](../docs/fsharp/index.yml)

Reviewer 5: ditto

Author: same bug. 😞

- [Computation Expressions](../docs/fsharp/language-reference/computation-expressions.md)
- [Sequences](../docs/fsharp/language-reference/sequences.md)
- [F# code formatting guidelines](../docs/fsharp/style-guide/formatting.md)
- [What's new in F# 4.5 - F# Guide](../docs/fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-45.md)
- [What's new in F# 4.6 - F# Guide](../docs/fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-46.md)
- [What's new in F# 4.7 - F# Guide](../docs/fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-47.md)

## Contributors

We'd like to recognize the following people, who've contributed to.NET docs since our last release notes:

> - [Jeej](https://github.com/Jeej). 

Reviewer 5: Would it be feasible to order by number of contributions, most to least? If not, I suggest we put those without names at the end of the list instead of the beginning.

Author: I could sort by number of contributions. I'll write that code.

Reviewer: Agreed with @tdykstra on the ordering. Maybe add a link to how to contribute to docs and be on that list? 🤔
